docs(cloud-integration): Fix documentation defects cloud integration resources (#2649)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/cloud_gcp_integrations.html.markdown

  }
  spanner {
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
    fetch_tags=true
  }
  sql {
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  storage {
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
    fetch_tags=true
  }
  virtual_machines {
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  vpc_access {
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
}
```
## Argument Reference

-> **WARNING:** Starting with [v3.27.2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/3.27.2) of the New Relic Terraform Provider, updating the `linked_account_id` of a `newrelic_cloud_gcp_integrations` resource that has been applied would **force a replacement** of the resource (destruction of the resource, followed by the creation of a new resource). When such an update is performed, please carefully review the output of `terraform plan`, which would clearly indicate a replacement of this resource, before performing a `terraform apply`.

* `account_id` - (Optional) The New Relic account ID to operate on.  This allows the user to override the `account_id` attribute set on the provider. Defaults to the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_ACCOUNT_ID`.
* `linked_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the linked GCP account in New Relic.

> The following supported arguments are with minimum metrics polling interval of 300 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 300 seconds.
```

Author: updated the document

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

> * `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.
> 
> -> **NOTE** For more information kindly refer to [google-cloud-platform-integrations](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/google-cloud-platform-integrations/get-started/introduction-google-cloud-platform-integrations/) documentaion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval in **seconds**.

-> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/google-cloud-platform-integrations/get-started/introduction-google-cloud-platform-integrations/) in New Relic's documentation on GCP integrations.
```

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.

> -> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/google-cloud-platform-integrations/get-started/introduction-google-cloud-platform-integrations/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/google-cloud-platform-integrations/get-started/introduction-google-cloud-platform-integrations/).
```
